if you haven't heard by now you must be
living under a rock chat gbt has taken
the Internet by storm and is by far the
fastest internet platform to grow to a
million users who did it faster than
Facebook Tick Tock YouTube and any other
social media platform ever it's
artificial intelligence is only getting
smarter and it can do pretty much
anything for you like I've had it write
me an ancient Chinese poem about my dog
Beau I've had it write me a 30-minute
dumbbell only workout that helps me jump
higher and builds my chest and I had it
write me an essay on why Steph Curry is
the greatest shooter of all time and the
crazy part about this is it does it all
in like 30 seconds but could you
actually use chat GPT to write you code
for a Forex robot that you can actually
use to make money in this video you're
about to find out in this video I'm
going to show you the shocking results
of what happened when I asked chat gbt
to write me an expert advisor for
trading on metatrader5 okay so here's
exactly what I did I basically came over
here to
chat.openai.com and I wrote this prompt
that says write me mql5 code for a Forex
expert advisor to trade on metatrader5
that uses a trend following strategy I
literally just clicked send and then
boom it started writing the code and
literally within 30 seconds I had a
coded expert advisor up for me that was
a trend following strategy which blew my
mind so basically all that I did is I
copied this code that it wrote me and I
came on over to my metatrader5 trading
platform and I tried to run a back test
to see how effective this strategy
actually was and unfortunately it
actually didn't work so I came on over
here to Fiverr and I asked for somebody
that knew how to code expert advisor I
literally just typed this in the search
bar and I found somebody for like 25
bucks that was able to clean up this
code a little bit just to make it
operational now with that being said all
of the logic inside of the code of the
expert advisor was actually correct all
I need to do was have this guy basically
coated up in and finish it up to make it
actually be able to work in a back test
environment on metatrader5 so once I got
the code back from the guy on Fiverr I
came over here to file and I said open
data folder I then went to mql5 I then
clicked experts and then I clicked
advisors and then all I did is I copied
and pasted the file here which you can
see is Trend following EA corrected.ex5
that's the file that I wanted to start
testing and then what I did is I came
here to view and I clicked on strategy
tester and that pulled up this window so
I could begin testing this expert
advisor and so what I did is I simply
put the Euro US dollar symbol on it I
also put the hour one chart and I did it
for the date range of 2021 and
essentially I gave it a 100 000 demo
account to start the inputs that I
selected were just basically the default
ones just to see if it was smart enough
to actually get me some good results and
I went ahead and ran the back test and a
few minutes later I got results that
looked like this pretty ugly so I then
came in and said okay well that's as to
be expect did this is a very simple EA
all it's doing is it's basically uh
entering a Buy trade with a two to one
risk to reward ratio when the candles
are above the moving average or a sell
trade if they're below the moving
average and also a one to two risk to
reward ratio and so I figured okay let's
maybe try to do something a little bit
more sophisticated to see if it comes
and it starts working on any different
pairs so I clicked all market watch
symbols I did the hour one time frame
again and again I did it from January
1st to December 31st of 2022 and I
basically just left all these inputs
like this and the results that I got
looked like this so this was optimizing
it over all the different currency
symbols that were available in the
market watch and as you can see actually
none of these actually turn to profit so
I can see that the best performing one
was Euro try with ninety six thousand
dollars I saw that Euro US dollar which
is one of the majors had within like the
top five or so results but still it
actually just had a drawdown of 47.96
percent and it didn't actually make any
profit so then what I did is I tried to
optimize this a little bit further where
I actually came into here and I
optimized this for the moving average
period so basically what I did is I came
in here and I selected your US dollar
which was the best performing major I
did it over the same time period and
then what I did is I came in here and I
did Fast genetic based algorithm to try
to get some results really quickly I
then came in here and I tried to
optimize the moving average period to
see what was the best value for the
moving average maybe it worked better on
a different moving average value so what
I did is I just clicked this box and
then for the start I did a 10 and then
for the step I did a five and then for
the stop I did a 200 meaning that it was
going to test every moving average value
from 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50. you get
the idea all the way up until 200 and
that was going to give me 39 different
results to see if maybe the moving
average value would be able to get this
expert advisor to start actually working
and here were the results that I got got
and as you can see here the best
performing moving average period was
actually moving average period 100 but
it still didn't turn a profit as you can
see it lost 35 percent of the account
and this was the very best result so I
tried to see what was the trend amongst
here that kind of uh was working the
best and if I looked at like the top
five six seven eight values I saw that a
value of around like 120 seemed to be a
better value than something that was
really big or something that was really
small so I then came back into the
optimizer and put this value at 120
because that seemed to be roughly the
best value and I figured hey maybe if I
can tweak the stop loss and take profit
then maybe I can get a better result so
I came in here and I optimized for both
of these so I actually started at 20 I
did 20 for the take profit I did 20 for
the stop loss I did a step so then I
came in here and I optimized the values
for the stop loss and take profit to see
if I could get a better result so I did
a 20 start a 10 step and then I did a
200 stop in a 400 stop up and that was
actually going to give me a combination
of 19 times 39 different values to try
so it's going to give me a total of 741
different combinations to try with this
and so we went ahead and we did this and
this was the results that we got and as
you can see the results were not that
pretty it did a little bit better but
still nothing even turned to profit you
can see the top result gave us a 15
drawdown and actually the result at the
end of the year-long test was the
account balance went from 100 000 down
to eighty seven thousand dollars and it
looked like the best value was a stop
loss of about 200 and a take profit of
about 390. so I came back into
metatrader5 and I put those values I
said okay those seem to be the best
values for take profit stop loss and the
final last Hail Mary prayer what I did
was I went in here and I used these
values and I decided maybe if I
re-optimize the moving average period
with these values for the take profit
and stop loss maybe I can get this to
work and so what I did is I re-optimized
for the moving average period I did a 50
start a five step and a 200 stop up
which was going to give me 31 different
steps or 31 different combinations and
this was the result that I got and again
as you can see nothing actually turned
to profit the best result was basically
a loss of eleven thousand dollars or
turning account from a hundred thousand
down to like eighty nine thousand
dollars in a drawdown of about 13.58
percent so what did I learn from this
experiment well I learned that chatgpt
was extremely efficient at writing code
and the logic in the expert advisor
actually did in fact work well I don't
think the logic in the philosophy is
quite there on how to actually code an
EA that'll actually make you money sure
I think it would be helpful in writing
code and putting pieces together I still
don't think that you can just tell
Chachi to BT to write you an expert
advisor that's going to make you tons
and tons of money well I do think it is
in fact possible and maybe in the very
near future this may be a reality let me
know in the comments below if you think
that there's ever going to be a day
where you can just go to chap gbt ask it
to write you a Forex strategy and it'll
actually come out and actually help help
you make money hey and if you are
interested in trading with expert
advisors and Forex robots that actually
work then going over to propfarming.com
and feel free to check out this video
that I put on the screen right now which
is three different tips to get your EA
to make you the most amount of money
possible it's three simple little things
that you can do to get your Forex robot
to make you more money
