moving averages known for their
Simplicity and their scary
predictiveness of the markets even by
themselves moving averages are pretty
decent but what if I told you that there
is a new indicator that is at least
three times better than the classical
moving averages in this video I'm going
to show you exactly what that indicator
is and how it works let's get into it
now there are different types of moving
averages out there and the most common
one is the classical exponential moving
average or EMA now I'm sure a lot of you
guys are familiar with the workings of
the classical EMA it helps us identify
Trends in the market by being below or
above the price when the price breaks
and closes above the EMA it indicates
the beginning of a bullish Trend and
therefore an opportunity to take a long
trade
conversely when the price breaks and
closes below the EMA it indicates the
beginning of a bearish trend and
therefore an opportunity to take a short
trade
now based on these two setups you may be
thinking well I don't see any problem
with that strategy those two trades were
super profitable well the common problem
with this strategy is that Rolex
produces late signals this is because
the classical EMA is a lagging indicator
and I mean it's super laggy the biggest
problem with entering trades late is
that you might end up missing out on the
entire move because Trends don't last
forever so the earlier the entry the
better so let's say you have a market
structure strategy you saw this
structure where the support level turned
into a resistance level so you decided
to draw a horizontal rectangle right
here
then once the price pulled back and
rejected off of this key level you
entered a short trade as soon as it
broke and closed below this EMA
you set your stop loss at this swing
high and for your check profit you
targeted the next key level which is
this one right here
looking at this trade you would have had
a risk to reward ratio of 1 to 1.46
which is definitely not the best now
let's see what would have happened if we
took the same setup using the same
strategy but only this time we're going
to be using the new version of the EMA
indicator this one right here
this is where the price broke and closed
below the new EMA if we entered a short
trade here
and put the stop loss at the exact point
as the previous setup
and targeted the same take profit level
you'll notice that this trade ended up
having a risk to reward ratio of 1 to
4.53 which is three times higher than
what the old EMA was giving us the
reason for this is because this new
indicator gave us an early entry signal
while the classical EMA produced a super
late signal which resulted in us missing
out on all this move 27 Pips to be exact
the difference between the old EMA and
this new EMA indicator is the amount of
lag the old EMA lags a lot leading to a
lot of missed opportunities in the
market with this new version of the EMA
I'm going to show you the lag has been
significantly reduced now you may be
asking yourself but what is the name of
this new tool and where can I find it
Well ladies and gentlemen the new
indicator is called zero log exponential
moving average and you can find it on
trading view to use it go to trading
view click on indicators and type here 0
plug then select this one that's called
zero log EMA V2 by Kevin actually click
on it three times because we're gonna
need three of them and then we're gonna
change some settings for the first one
click here on the inputs tab change the
length to 20 then on the style tab
You're Gonna Change the plot color to
Green
the second one you're going to change
the period to 40 and on this tile tab
change the plot color to red
for the third one you're gonna change
the period to 60 on the cell tab change
the plot color to Blue
now looking at this setup you'll notice
that it's very similar to another
indicator called the Williams alligator
which I did a video about a few weeks
ago we're going to be using the Z EMA or
the Zima well I'm just going to be
calling it The Z EMA we're going to be
using them to identify Trends in the
market as well as for identifying buy
and sell entry signals for a bullish
Trend the Z EMAs should be aligned in
such a way that the blue one is at the
bottom the red one in the center and the
green one at the top for a bearish trend
the blue one should be at the top the
red one remains in the center and the
green one should be at the bottom so how
do we trade using this strategy well
I'll tell you just after introducing the
sponsor of this video henko trade if
you're looking for a broker with some of
the lowest commissions and spreads in
the market then check out handker trade
I use them on a daily basis as you can
see here this is my trading history I
mainly sculpt gold and up here you can
see that it's a live account for those
of you that love High leverage anchor
trade offers up to 500x leverage which
basically means that my a thousand
dollar deposit could have the buying
power of five hundred thousand dollars
which is really insane and if that's not
enough they're also going to give you a
100 bonus for all your deposits up to
twenty five thousand dollars so if you
deposit say 500 they're gonna give you a
bonus of 500 so you'll have a thousand
dollars to trade with to get access to
the bonus as well as all the other perks
sign up to handle trade using the link
in the description of this video now
back to the video so to take a long
trade first we want to make sure that
these lines are spread further apart
like this with a blue one at the bottom
the red one in the center and the green
one at the top this basically indicates
a strong bullish Trend next we want to
wait for the price to pull back and
touch this red line without touching
this blue line for the pullback to be
valid there should be at least one
candle that opens and closes below this
green line in this particular example
you can see that we had several candles
that opened and closed below the green
line after the pullback we want a candle
to close above the green line and then
we're gonna enter a long trade on the
open of the very next candle all our
entry conditions are met on this candle
so we're gonna enter a long trade this
top loss is gonna go below the most
recent swing low
and for the tech profit we're gonna set
it at 2.5 times the risk
we let the trade run
and it hits take profit now here's one
more long example as you can see here
the three Z EMA indicators were aligned
to a bullish trend then the price pulled
back and touched the red line without
touching the Blue Line during the
pullback we also see that there was at
least one candle that opened and closed
below the green line after the pullback
this candle broke and closed above the
green line so it becomes our entry
candle
foreign
[Music]
for short trades we're just going to
reverse all the conditions first we want
to make sure that these lines are spread
further apart like this with a blue one
at the top the red one in the center and
the green one at the bottom this
indicates a strong bearish Trend next we
want to wait for the price to pull back
and touch this red line without touching
this blue line for the pullback to be
valid there should be at least one
candle that opens and closes above this
green line after the pullback we want a
candle to close below the green line and
then we're gonna enter a short trade on
the open of the very next candle all our
entry conditions are met on this candle
so we're gonna enter a short trade
the stop loss is gonna go above the most
recent swing High
and for the tech profit we're gonna set
it at 2.5 times the risk
we let the trade run
and take profit
as you can see this is a simple yet
powerful indicator that can be used on
any trading security and to answer your
questions yes the strategy can be used
on any time frame the strategy shown in
this video is just one of the many
strategies that you can do using this
zero lag EMA if you're planning on using
this strategy remember to do extensive
bug testing and forward testing and
customize it to your liking so you can
have as much confidence as possible when
trading with it that's been it for this
video hope you found some value if you
did hit the like button below and
consider subscribing to stay tuned
thanks for watching and I'll see you
guys next time foreign
