hey guys in this video I will show you
my ultimate signs of the time trading
strategy for treating the financial
Market that almost never goes wrong when
it comes to Accurate trade entries if
you use this method correctly it can
double triple or even quadruple your
account size in a matter of weeks so
make sure that you watch this video till
the end and learn this amazing technique
that you won't find anywhere else on
YouTube to help us in creating content
like this please click the like button
for the YouTube algorithm subscribe and
turn on the notification Bell to get
notified when we upload a new video
without further Ado let's get started
first of all open the tradingview.com
and set the time frame to 15 minutes
then click on this indicators tab over
here now you're going to need to add
three indicators to the Chart so for the
first indicator search for signs of the
time indicator and select this indicator
that you see here by loose F this
technical analysis indicator is an
oscillator that fluctuates between -1
and plus one and around the center line
which is zero as you can see this
indicator has different components and
colors in which each of them has a
meaning and an indication of what is
going on in the market but for better
understanding of this indicator let me
open the settings of this indicator and
set it up according to our strategy so
on this input section you are going to
uncheck this Channel and change this to
the whole moving average and leave this
one to its default moving average and
these two lengths to 20 then go to the
style section and uncheck these options
and click ok now the idea behind this
indicator is that when the signs of the
time indicator moving average crosses
above the central line and changes to
green with this smoothing moving average
changing to yellow and above the central
line it means that the price is about to
reverse to the upside direction or in an
uptrend and you could have entered a
long trade like this and set your stop
loss at the low here
the reverse happens when the indicator
signs of the time moving average color
is red and below the center line and the
smoothing moving average color is blue
and below the center line this also
means that the price is about to start a
downward movement or in a downtrend and
you could have entered another short
trade like this
now let's add the second indicator so go
over to the indicators tab again and
search for twin range filter indicator
and click on this one by Colin mck now
go to the setting of the indicator to
filter out the false signals from the
indicator on this input section you are
going to change this fast period to 50
and the slow period to 35 and the slow
range to 3 the style section has no
significant settings to change then
click OK you can see that this indicator
gives us the buy and sell signals so
when you get a Buy Signal from the
indicator like this then you will look
for confirmation from the other
indicators before you will take a long
trade the same thing happens when you
get a sell signal from the Twin range
filter indicator meaning the signal must
have selling confirmation from the other
indicators before you enter any short
trade now let's add our Trend indicator
which is the third indicator so go to
the indicators tab again and search for
an exponential moving average and click
on this one then go to the setting of
the indicator and change this link to 25
then come to the smoothing and change
this method to Ema and this link to to 9
then go to the style section and change
the color of the EMA to White and
increase the thickness check this
smoothing checkbox and also increase the
thickness to make it more visible you
can see that when you got this cell
signal from the Twin range filter this
candle had closed below the exponential
moving average and the signs of the time
indicator line had changed to red and
below the center line with the smoothing
bands being blue and also below the
center line the opposite happened when
you got this by signal here so when the
price crosses below the exponential
moving average it means that the price
is predominantly in a downtrend and you
should be looking for selling
opportunities and when it cross above
the exponential moving average it means
that the price is in an uptrend and you
should start looking for buying
opportunities now let's show more
example of buying and selling signals
from these three indicators
here is an example of a selling setup
you can see that when the price crossed
below the exponential moving average
this sell signal appeared which is an
early sign of a downward movement and
you were looking for a selling
opportunity but when the signs of the
time indicator line change to red and
cross below the center line with the
smoothed band changing to Blue and below
the center line then you will take a
short trade like this at the close of
this candle and set your stop loss above
the EMA and Target 1.5 risk to reward
ratio this is because the three
conditions met at this point now if you
press the replay button you can see that
the price reached our profit Target now
let's show the example of a buying setup
here is an example of a buying setup you
can see that the price was moving
downward before you got this Buy Signal
from the Twin range filter and the price
reversed when the price crossed above
the exponential moving average notice
that the signs of the time indicator
line had crossed above the center line
and had changed to Green as well with
the smooth bands changing to yellow and
above the central line then you will
take a long trade like this at the close
of this candle and set your stop loss
below the EMA and Target 1.5 risk to
reward ratio this is because the three
conditions met at this point now if you
press the replay button
you can see that the price reached our
profit Target now please click the like
button for the YouTube algorithm
subscribe and turn on the notification
Bell to get notified when we upload a
new video thanks for watching see you in
the next video
[Music]
