looking to make some extra money check
out these profitable trading indicators
in this video I'll be introducing you to
some profitable trading indicators these
indicators can help you make more money
in the stock market so be sure to watch
this video all the way through
we have the CM EMA this is just a
regular EMA but by 32
um I think I am 85 profitable on this so
y'all can take that how y'all want and
just because you see a uh entry buy or a
sale pop up on one of these indicators
that don't mean you have to take the buy
all the time
um I just I call it the indicator of
opportunity the CM EMA Trend bars is a
technical tool used to identify trim
reversals to use them you first need to
identify a trend once you have
determined that a trend exists you then
need to look for a reversal bar a
reversal bar is a bar that falls outside
of the previous bars high or low the CE
EMA trim bars will help you to identify
these reversal bars once you have
identified a reversal bar you can then
trade in the direction of a new trade
the next one we have is very powerful
because it counts the price and volume
and it's more modified than a regular
RSI I would recommend changing the
settings to your liking so it's easier
to read and the way you will know where
to enter a trade is when you see the
green line rise above the red and that
notifies you that you have an
opportunity to take a long position and
for short entries you have to wait until
the red line breaks below the green so
Vice subversive is if you were um taking
a long position RSI histo alerts provide
a way to notify you when the RSI reaches
a certain level or crosses a certain
threshold this can help you to enter and
exit trades at the right time and can
help you to improve overall trading
performance once you've found a reliable
indicator you can start setting up your
alerts most RSI indicators allow you to
set a threshold that will trigger an
alert for example you may want to be
notified if the RSI Falls below 30. you
can then configure your indicator to
send you an email text message or push
notification whenever this occurs by
using RSI histo alerts you can help
protect your trades and avoid costly
mistakes stay ahead of the market by
using these alerts to keep an eye on the
RSI levels or your favorite assets the
macd is more easier to read before you
look for your long position the white
line has to be above the zero level and
the histogram has to be on the indicator
and the bar has to be over the macd and
for a short is vice versa so just how
you would identify a signal with a long
just flip the metrics the macd 4C
indicator is a momentum that can be used
to identify over ball and oversold
conditions in the markets is composed of
the fast and slow macd lines as well as
the macd signal line the indicator can
be used to generate trading center
signals when it is crossed above or
below the zero line next up we have is
angle attack indicator this indicator
points out a buy and sell for Longs and
shorts the Blue Line indicates that you
can add onto a position and the red line
indicates that you maybe can size down
or take out and the thing I like about
this indicator is that you can do loads
of tweaks to this to make it work better
around your strategy and you have to pay
attention to the background of the angle
attack because if it is blue you only
want to look for long positions and if
the background is red you want to look
for shorts when putting your stop loss
you want to be strategic because you
must have some experience with the stock
you're trading to know where key levels
may be so first I will look at the Blue
Line and I know some if not most will
test their stop loss here and if you
don't agree with the AI stop loss you
can still use yours and a AI can see
things like we do so I wouldn't depend
on it and just because you see a Buy
Signal and a blue background you still
want to check all of your other
indicators to make the best overall
decision too many times I see Traders
add some crazy indicators they get one
buy notification they get in and get
stopped right out because they didn't
take any account that the singles they
send are either too early or too late so
don't only use one indicator that's why
I made this video with more than one so
if you see one signal show all right now
check all the others next we have Trend
bars always tweak these indicators
before y'all use them because everybody
trading strategy is different so you
want to optimize it and the best way you
can if you got to make the colors
brighter if you want to make it so the
signals send earlier just do whatever
makes it easier you don't have to use
the default you don't got to use what
I'm doing everybody's style is different
this indicator is a little more easier
to use because if the bar goes up like a
green bar then that means you got an
uptrend if it goes red down then you
gotta you got a short but the the good
thing about this trend is that you can
see how far it will go out because most
won't tell you like the other ones they
give you signals but this one you can
kind of you can reference of how long
you can be in this trade and I recommend
that all these indicators I gave y'all
uh day trade these don't I wouldn't try
to swing trading these because the
signals can change like and fight from
five to five ten minutes so you just got
to be on your toes with these signals so
if you see when it crossed over uh the
green I got in on a buy right here
and then to know when to get out the the
bars will crawl so you can see it within
price action so you'll you'll know when
it shows but I would recommend using all
of these indicators and practice mode
first please practice don't try going
and straight into the market with these
indicators you don't got no background
experience just try practicing try to
work out a strategy try to come up with
something new something that works for
you
um
don't steal too many people's strategies
because that work for them and you're
not them so and this indicator works
good on the 30 minutes to 15 minutes
range
um I wasn't I wouldn't use it for a buy
confirmation but I would use it for
reference so you want to add another
EMA or a qqel suggest
um so after you you get your first
confirmation then you check the trend
bars confirmation second so in in your
first confirmation you should be able to
see the exact same confirmation that
your Trend bars is showing so if you got
in this long position right here you see
it shows underneath when I EMA and then
we we look five trim bars for a second
and we see the exact same pattern then
that's when you'll take a buy vice versa
for shorts I wouldn't recommend using
this indicator for consolidation because
it's it's called Trend bar so it's going
to show Trends so long highs and
a low shorts so if you're trying to
consolidate with this it's not really so
good because it's only going to Signal
off
Trends so that's why I was saying get
another first confirmation because this
is Trend so if your stock or whatever
you're trading with is not ready for a
long Trend then this this signal is Not
Really Gonna
justify your problem stop losses for
this one I will I will put your stop
loss at the price action where it
crossed over at from from your entry and
the underlying has to be read so if you
ever get confused green up red down if
you guys want me to go more in depth
with strategies and combos I use with
these indicators just let me know in the
comments I'll try to get back to
everybody
um like And subscribe and make sure to
trade safely and make sure
